DRIVERS-2416 Add Azure built-in integration for OIDC. (#1513)
mongodb/specifications: source/auth/auth.md

  - PROVIDER_NAME\
    Drivers MUST allow the user to specify the name of a built-in OIDC provider integration to use to
    obtain credentials. If provided, the value MUST be one of `["aws", "azure"]`. If both `PROVIDER_NAME` and an
    [OIDC Callback](#oidc-callback) or [OIDC Human Callback](#oidc-human-callback) are provided for the same
    `MongoClient`, the driver MUST raise an error.

>   - TOKEN_AUDIENCE\

Reviewer: `OIDC_TOKEN_AUDIENCE`?

We sometimes prefix with OIDC (the callbacks), but sometimes not (provider name). This seems like a mild inconsistency - is it intentional?

>   - TOKEN_AUDIENCE\

Reviewer 2: Actually, this brings up a wider point.  These auth mechanism properties are scoped under their respective auth mechanisms, and are already therefore namespaced.  To date, only `AWS_SESSION_TOKEN` is prefixed, but we are discussing an `OIDC_ENV` in #1544.  I think leaving `AWS_SESSION_TOKEN` makes sense for legacy reasons and because that is actually the name of an environment variable that is used, but I'm think that not only should this remain "TOKEN_AUDIENCE", but we should not use a prefix for the environment, but call it `ENVIRONMENT`.

>   - TOKEN_AUDIENCE\

Author: I agree that having to add a prefix to every auth mechanism property seems impractical. Based on previous conversations with @jyemin I understand some drivers may have to refactor the connection string parser to support the same auth mechanism property in multiple auth mechanisms.

>   - TOKEN_AUDIENCE\

Reviewer 2: The consensus seems to be `TOKEN_RESOURCE` based on further discussion.

>   - TOKEN_AUDIENCE\

Reviewer: That sounds good to me

Drivers MAY implement the AWS provider so that it conforms to the function signature of the
[OIDC Callback](#oidc-callback) to prevent having to re-implement the AWS provider logic in the OIDC prose tests.

> **Azure**

Reviewer: It seems that most of this section describes the same functionality as [the Azure steps](https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/blob/master/source/client-side-encryption/client-side-encryption.rst#L697) in client side encryption. Could we use the same language across both specs? If there is a way to refer from one section to the other, then this would help drivers avoid code duplication. (I think the description here is less language-specific, which is better, but perhaps the timeouts and error handling should be specified?)

Reviewer 2: That section differs in that it explicitly does not support multiple identities, and is not consistent with how API requests are described in this document.

Reviewer: Fair enough, though specifying that the server error message should be propagated into our error seems like a nice convenience.

Is it correct that the timeout logic is now implied by the use of an internal callback, and we would use the `callbackTimeoutMS` provided to this Azure machine callback? Will that be an acceptable timeout within which to complete this request?

Reviewer 2: Updated

The Azure provider integration is enabled by setting auth mechanism property `PROVIDER_NAME:azure`.

> If enabled, drivers MUST call the

Reviewer 2: Done

[Azure Instance Metadata Service](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/instance-metadata-service)
and parse the JSON response body.

Make an HTTP GET request to

```
http://169.254.169.254/metadata/identity/oauth2/token?api-version=2018-02-01&resource=<resource>&object_id=<object_id>
```

with headers

```
Accept: application/json
Metadata: true
```

> where `<resource>` is the value of the `TOKEN_AUDIENCE` mechanism property and `<object_id>` is the `username` from the

Reviewer 2: Makes sense, done

connection string. If a `username` is not provided, the `object_id` query parameter should be omitted.

> The curl recipe below demonstrates the above, where `$TOKEN_AUDIENCE` is the value of the `TOKEN_AUDIENCE` mechanism

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example code for the above using curl, where `$TOKEN_AUDIENCE` is the value of the `TOKEN_AUDIENCE` mechanism
```
Just to match the terminology used in other example sections.
